If you worked with Python, you would already be very familiar with dictionaries.
They're very common, very prevalent in Python.
If you've come from Java or C C++, C sharp, they are called maps or hash maps or any type of map.
OK, so they are a collection of developers.
So for instance, let's start off with this index.
So you said is equal to dict and then you can define the keys and the values which are separated by
the arrow operator.
So key arrow value, comma, key arrow value and so on.
You can have multiple values, you can have multiple developers in this one dictionary.
OK, there is no shorthand for dictionary and Julia as there is for arrays.
If you just have to define it using the Decky word.
OK, so you do that is equal to that.
So you have this dictionary over here in which we have strings as keys and strings as values.
It has two entries.
You can see you can access it as usual using the square brackets.
So you can say the language.
The dot language does not work.
It does in some languages, but it doesn't in Julia.
You can change the value or even add new values.
You can say the explorer is equal to perseverance and that is going to change.
So you can have that.
You can modify this or mutate the object using the pop bang operator.
So bang from the previous video, you will recall that by means it's going to modify the.
So if you say this is going to return the final value that you have over here, which we just added
over here, and it's going to remove it from the dictionary as well.
So that has been removed from the dictionary.
OK, you can go to dictionaries together.
So if you have D, which is this guy over here and you have another dictionary in which you have OS
and language, so we have language both in this and in this, if you try to merge them together again,
merge is with a bank, which means it's going to modify.
So by convention this D is going to be modified and is going to remain the same.
So what it does is it takes D and then goes through it and inserts all the values into the from E.
So is the source D the destination.
Anything that is in both is going to be taken from E..
OK, so it makes a lot more sense if you just take a look at the example.
So if you much D and E, the language is now Java because Java was in E and E essentially overrides
everything that is in deep.
OK, if you show the you can see that language has been replaced with that.
If you show E.
That is unmodified, that remains the same.
OK, so much is going to modify the take everything from me and throw it at the if they already had
that key before, it's going to be over.
You can loop over the values of the dictionary using Faqir Komova and and you can output them using
string interpolation so you can take easy call to type character values.
Garvey and this is going to output all of that for you.
OK, you can also use symbols as keys in dictionary so you can say is contradict regular Lang is Julia
and it is brutal.
So now you can access them using symbols just as you could with strings.
So now here the keys are symbols instead of strings.
So you can say simple language and you get the value out.
OK, rest of it is exactly the same.
So you can say for Kaigama being simple and you print it out to get an ID out.
So those are the basics of the dictionary.
Obviously there is a lot to do with dictionaries, but we don't want to cover them here.
This is the basic syntax that you need.
That is all there is to it.
Once we start using them in the real world, you'll get a lot more practice with it.
For now, let's go back to the arrays and take a look at the specific functionality that Julia provides
for arrays that makes Julia special.
So let's do that in the next video.